---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "JavaScript Reflection"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-08-29
published: true
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

## JavaScript: A Newcomer's Adventure
JavaScript is like a puzzle that I find both fun and challenging. I've experienced Java, C, and C++, therefore getting into JavaScript felt a bit friendly. They all have similar ways of working, such as using curly braces, semicolons and using “Strings” . And just like when I used to use  Java and C, with JavaScript, I still make alot of errors.

Although JavaScript is new to me, it's a sense of relief that its similar to Java and C. They all have similar functioning styles, like loops and if statements, which makes me feel more at easeas I start learning JavaScript. As I got into ICS 314 I found out something called ES6. It's like an upgrade for JavaScript. It has cool add ons like the  arrow functions that make coding look cleaner and nicer. There's also a way to pull, add and replace values in an array, which I thought was pretty interesting. 

The practice WODs are highly beneficial for athletic software engineering. They serve as a valuable training ground, simulating the pressure and time constraints often encountered in competitive coding. These exercises refine technical skills and also cultivate the ability to perform under stress. By exposing practitioners to real-world scenarios and challenging them to think critically and code swiftly, the practice WODs effectively prepare individuals for the dynamic and fast-paced nature of athletic software engineering.

In the big picture, JavaScript is a like a treasure map. It's exciting and sometimes a bit tricky, but it leads us to build cool things on the web. Even though it has its little hiccups, we have helpers and alot of different tools that will help us along the way. As I keep learning more about coding, I'm pretty sure that JavaScript will have a place in my heart.
